For writable streams,
we have some methods.
We've got things like .write,
which we've seen.
There's also .end, and this is how you
put data into the writable stream.
You can give end a buffer if you like,
and that's basically shorthand for
doing a write with that buffer and
then calling an int immediately,
just a nice little convenience.
Writable streams emit a finish event
when they're done writing data.
So that's important to know about as well.
So let's go ahead and
make a quick little writable stream
here to just test things out.
So we'll call it w.js, and
we use fs.createWriteStream.
So fs.createWriteStream('cool.txt').
And then we'll just w.write('hi\n'),
w.write('wow\n'), w.end().
That's just an example for
what a writable stream looks like.
And maybe we'll also listen for
the finish event.
Just so I can prove to you
that there's a finish event.
You only get one finish event.
So there's a method on
the Node.js event emitter API
called once that will only listen for
one of them.
There should only ever be a single event,
so either on or once is fine.
So I'll just print out FINISHED.
Sometimes you might not wanna do
something until a writable stream
has actually finished writing the results.
So a good example of that is if
you're writing out to a log file or
an important, if you're writing
some JSON to a file, then you wanna
make sure that you've actually written
everything until you do the next step.
Because maybe the next step
is just gonna read that file.
And again, you're not really
guaranteed immediately after
you end writable stream that
it's gonna be finished yet.
Because there could be other stuff
happening, at the operating system level,
and all kinds of levels.
So far in this program now,
we get the event finished, and
there should be a new file called
cool.txt that has the output.
So we'll add that to the git.